[spec] Auth: Token validation (#408)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/specification/draft/basic/security_best_practices.mdx

MCP proxy servers using static client IDs **MUST** obtain user consent for each dynamically
registered client before forwarding to third-party authorization servers (which may require additional consent).

> ### 2.2 Token passthrough

Reviewer: Minor capitalization issue: Rest of the spec appears to capitalize all the words in a section header

> "Token passtrough" is an antipattern where a MCP server accepts tokens from a MCP client without validating that the tokens were properly issued _to the MCP server_ and "passing them through" to the downstream API.

Reviewer: Typo: "passtrough"

> "Token passtrough" is an antipattern where a MCP server accepts tokens from a MCP client without validating that the tokens were properly issued _to the MCP server_ and "passing them through" to the downstream API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Token passthrough" is an anti-pattern where an MCP server accepts tokens from an MCP client without validating that the tokens were properly issued _to the MCP server_ and "passing them through" to the downstream API.
```

#### 2.2.1 Risks

Token passthrough is explicitly forbidden in the [authorization specification](/specification/draft/basic/authorization) as it introduces a number of security risks, that include:

- **Security Control Circumvention**

>   - The MCP Server or downstream APIs might implement important security controls like rate limiting, request validation, or traffic monitoring, that depend on the token audience or other credential constraints. If clients can obtain and use tokens directly with the downstream APIs without the MCP server validating them properly or ensuring that the tokens are issued for the right service, they bypass these controls. Service-specific tokens may be accepted by unintended services because no proper validation was performed.

Reviewer: Cut last sentence

>   - If the MCP Server passes tokens without validating their claims (e.g., roles, privileges, or audience) or other metadata, a malicious or compromised user can craft a token with elevated privileges and use the server as a proxy for data exfiltration.

Reviewer: Move to auditing section, as this is about a malicious actor hiding their origin by proxying through the intermediate MCP Server

  - If the token is accepted by multiple services without proper validation, an attacker compromising one service can use the token to access other connected services.
- **Accountability and Audit Trail Issues**
  - The MCP Server will be unable to identify or distinguish between MCP Clients when clients are calling with an upstream-issued access token which may be opaque to the MCP Server.

>   - The downstream Resource Server's logs will show requests coming from client IDs that might not match the actual identity of the MCP server that is proxying the tokens.

Reviewer: Minor wordsmithing to generalize this

Reviewer: Here's one suggestion: "The downstream Resource Server's logs may misrepresent the actual origin of requests, as the client ID in the access token could belong to either an unrelated client or the middle server, obscuring the true requestor's identity."

Reviewer 3: My version of this is: "_The downstream Resource Server’s logs may show requests that appear to come from a different source with a different identity, rather than the MCP server that is actually forwarding the tokens._"

Happy to take whichever best fits here.
